feat(Forms): add `variant="filled"` and `toolbarVariant="custom"` to Iterate.EditContainer and Iterate.ViewContainer (#4329)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/Iterate/Array/demos.mdx

<Examples.ViewAndEditContainer />

### Customize the view and edit containers

> - Using `variant="filled"` will render the view and edit container with a background color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using `variant="filled"` will render the [ViewContainer](/uilib/extensions/forms/Iterate/ViewContainer) and [EditContainer](/uilib/extensions/forms/Iterate/EditContainer) with a background color.
```

> - Using `toolbarVariant="basic"` will render the toolbar without any spacing so you can customize it to your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using `toolbarVariant="basic"` will render the [toolbar](/uilib/extensions/forms/Iterate/Toolbar/) without any spacing so you can customize it to your needs.
```
